# Stellar Burgers Web Application Testing
This project is a comprehensive test suite for the web application of [Stellar Burgers](https://stellarburgers.nomoreparties.site). 
The tests have been implemented using the Page Object pattern and Allure reporting.
## General
Technologies used in this project: **Java 11**, **Maven**

**Note**: The project utilizes Java 11, adhering to the required specifications.
## Setup
### To get started with the project, follow these steps:
Clone the repository to your local machine.
Ensure that the following libraries are included and properly configured in your project:
- [**JUnit 4.13.2**](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/junit/junit/4.13.2)
- [**Rest-assured 5.3.0**](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.rest-assured/rest-assured/5.3.0)
- [**Allure JUnit4 2.21.0**](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.qameta.allure/allure-junit4/2.21.0)
- [**AspectJ Weaver 1.9.7**](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.aspectj/aspectjweaver/1.9.7)
- [**Jackson-databind 2.14.2**](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind/2.14.2)
- [**Java-faker 1.0.2**](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.javafaker/javafaker/1.0.2)
## Testing Objectives
The following elements of the Stellar Burgers web application have been thoroughly tested:
### Registration
- Successful registration process.
- Proper handling of errors for invalid passwords (minimum six characters).
### Login
- Successful login using the "Sign In" button on the homepage.
- Successful login through the "Personal Account" button.
- Successful login through the registration form.
- Successful login through the password recovery form. 
### Navigate to the Personal Account
- Proper navigation to the Personal Account page by clicking on the "Personal Account" link. 
### Navigate from Personal Account to the Constructor
- Seamless transition to the Constructor page by clicking on the "Constructor" link or the Stellar Burgers logo.
### Logout
- Successful logout by clicking on the "Logout" button in the Personal Account.
### "Constructor" Section
- Correct functionality of transitions to the following sections:
  - "Buns"
  - "Sauces"
  - "Fillings"

## Run tests:
```
mvn clean test
```
## Allure Report
### Generate allure-report:
```
mvn allure:report
```
1. Open your project in IntelliJ IDEA.
2. Build your project to generate the Allure report.
3. Once the build is complete, navigate to the `target/site` directory in your project's directory structure.
4. Inside the site directory, you will find the index.html file.
5. Right-click on the index.html file and select "Open in Browser" or "Open in Default Browser" to view the Jacoco report in your preferred web browser.

By opening the index.html file in your browser, you will have access to the detailed test report generated by Allure for your project.

### Run allure-server on localhost:
```
mvn allure:serve 
```
Please note that the exact steps may vary slightly depending on your specific IntelliJ IDEA version and project setup.